to to to to to to to to to to to to
what's up here What are
you doing friends How
are you How are my beautiful people How
are my beautiful people here at the
salsería
Things are quiet today The truth is that we've
had
a few quiet times, not
lately Well, what did you think of the
live I hope you enjoyed
today's live with Leo, not playing
Fran's map Let's see, I was looking for
music with copy, or rather without copy,
sorry
because um because it really pisses me off
all the music I play
has problems then I have to be
re-editing the live shows And so if
anyone knows it would be great if anyone
knows a YouTube playlist that you could
put on to start the live show a little bit, whatever it is, that's
catchy, no, it's
the gossip coming, no, you listen to it and
say, damn, the gossip coming no eh Cool
Cool if you want with copy Play Ricky's
I [ __ ] on 10 I [ __ ] on my [ __ ]
the best well What are you doing over there
W is talking to me, I'm sure some [ __ ] is going to send me
what  You send me
wale I can make you uncía don't have a
copy Ah Well do it yes like that fun like that
cool let's see too It's true that I
forgot that we could
put Hey on Facebook it's looking
good on Facebook the
live on Facebook is going well it does
n't appear to me that we're on Facebook
good eh No yes yes yes we are we are we are cool we are cool
Hey Almost almost 1000 followers eh almost
1000 followers on the newly
created page Hey Cool no Cool Hey if they
throw us if they throw us you know we
have that there as a spare spare
that page really Let's see
Facebook doesn't monetize Facebook in order to
give you monetization you have to be, let
's say, Willy Rex or a contract but
we have it there as reinforcement to have
contact we're not going to see who wants to
follow me from there wants to see
the live shows from there wants to see the videos there
for me it's cool everyone
does what they want and where it's most
comfortable for them okay everyone where it's
most comfortable for them what is true is that I
'm writing to Twitch to see if they
take away the B  Dude I'm writing
to twit to see if they'll remove the B yesterday It
seems that because I
can't even access my account anymore
eh No, it won't even let me access my
account with my password I'm trying to
recover it and it tells me no I mean I don't know what's going on
Yesterday I wrote to them I opened a ticket and it
seems that they answered me they asked me for
some information And let's see what they respond let's see
what they respond the truth is that I
would love to have twit again man
because you want it or
not 400 500 600 turkeys I was doing there
[ __ ] [ __ ] it's a that it's a help not
for
family What a shame man Oh Javi What a
beautiful thing to listen to Leo I just saw
the live Well Karime if you
if I could put it What do you say my
places if I could put it put it
on camera that one no no
kick us all out of here that one has more charisma
than all of us I'm going to put it By the
way the monetization for the live that I did
n't put it and download the Ah You
know I should have put the
Comanche songs they don't have copy
Although maybe  Demonetize you for the
letters XD man maybe you don't close the
Facebook page don't listen to me luare I don't
know if it's that I don't know if
Lu cl is here this live that I did with
Leo I
put the ads in a pl but
still it would be
ideal to put Fran's map not in the
pinned comment I forgot to
see man because they are really cool
eh Fran's game is really cool
eh tomorrow tomorrow not because tomorrow
we have Well tomorrow if it rains I won't
take the kid in the afternoon to the
extracurricular activities and one thing he has
tomorrow he gets bad what we're going to play
is a vice here eh I mean tomorrow if
tomorrow tomorrow if it rains he's going to be a
truant and he comes over here and we play
eh Javi Today she's coming little princess no
princess she's coming when the application is more crowded I'll
invite her because we don't know
if she's going to tell me she wants to come or not
Yesterday she already shared eh yesterday she shared
the application on her
Twitter yesterday she shared the application on her
Twitter The application so I
imagine I wrote to her but no  He
answered me To comment on something and he
didn't answer me but I imagine it didn't
bother him man if he shared it on
his Twitter I understand that it didn't bother him it did
n't bother him so
well when the request is more
complete how many people have it right now
how many people have it right now the
[Music]
request has 36 comments I don't know if
the 36 comments are
requests but yes yes when I invite her
we'll talk about more things and everything that's already
I really want princess to come eh I really want it eh In the salsería where everything is told Ja oliv The storm king with aur Play and his constant laughter one more gossip and this is impressive Loves that go loves that come little princess yito also entertain yourselves the story not on
YouTube never
[Music]
seito says he has no rival little princess
sings virtu
a play and her lethal laughter everyone in the
salseras feels
[Music]
great I can put it next to the next to
Javier's songs the judge and everything  that's
not Let's see, I have to put things
that don't have a copy at the beginning and that
also At the end you get familiar with it
when they start playing not because you
say it starts the salsería starts I don't know I don't
know the truth is that yes the truth is that yes Hey, I'm
not taking into account the
members these days Eh with that
we've been with the box and all But
well the members we don't have That's not a
chance I'm going to see how many we have we have we have we
212 not bad no not bad don't do
it with a cumbión of course something
lively would be more cool Hey
20102 not bad
no the best community on the planet
dude the best community on the planet I mean
this is it can already be Christmas
already can it's that here the
members are maintained it is maintained what do you want dude
leave me alone wale I
already sent it to the salsería group
excellent Thanks honey but you guys
realize that with these
things in a certain
way you make the people who
call
Javi a dog you support him like What's
Javi doing here is my question question for
the  little flats that are going to see this that
surely right now there are many with
us what's Javi doing here
I'm mentioning it
as a joke what the [ __ ] what a
shitty month January hasn't had any huge
controversy that was yesterday Today the thing with
gemita and gref happened and all that and they
tag Javi this is what I was telling you I would
like to know what Javi is doing here like
don't realize that if they
mention Dallas they tag Javi in ​​a
certain way you are like supporting the
comments that are made to him I think they don't
realize this because if you mention
Javi okay I understand that I mentioned him
but what's Javi doing here like it doesn't make
sense no I don't know it doesn't make sense
it's like why
eh cell why are you messing with Javi don't
attack him I'm not attacking him I'm
defending him because with these
comments like sending him these
things it's like I don't know they support the
comments in which they say dog ​​because
here no it doesn't fit in at all it doesn't make sense
why they mention him because if they had
mentioned him I would have said something about him well I
understand Not to me when they mention me
well it makes sense that  pass it so I
can comment on it OK But what's the
point of it here like Why why If
on top of that it's an ironic comment about
Dalas
doing Well, what do I know, I mean, I mean, you
sending me things about youtubers when they do
n't mention me, it supports the
comments that call me a dog I mean, what's the
point of
that, I mean, what would you support the What would you
support the insults that people make to me that there
are people who send me clips
of a youtuber throwing things at another, I mean, no, I don't understand, wait a
minute, they send me an
audio, I'm
crazy, what's coming, crazy, what they
just confirmed to me, crazy okay, Eh, well, it's okay,
everyone has their
opinion.
Oh, on the other hand, I personally
don't believe that
20102 I personally don't believe that
the
[ __ ] that I personally don't believe that
the fact that people send me
clips where there are funny things about a
youtuber even if I'm not involved,
not one youtuber says to another, no, I don't think
that supports the theory of people
insulting me, no, or like a dog  because it's not my
fault that you send me
gossip So I didn't cut you off,
keep sending me the things you
want to
send me okay friends because I'm live
right now at the salseria and then I'll look
What's the time
difference between us Okay and I'll tell you more or
less a Rank Okay and we'll meet we'll stay
straight man a big hug I'm
very happy we're going to do a crossover
we're going to do a crossover eh are you
sure I can send you whatever you
want wizard you no man you can go [ __ ] yourself I'm going to block
you at any
time I'm going to block you At any
[ __ ] moment in
fact [ __ ] Look in fact now we're going to
see
a in fact now we're going to see a bill
between gibel and and uncle shur that I haven't
seen the truth I saw on Twitter
that I know they answered each other and such and I say I need I need
something I need
something I don't understand what defense he was
referring to I don't understand I didn't
understand much of the clip
of But well I understand that he didn't
want to offend me What happens is that
maybe he didn't want to express himself
well no Or rather what he wanted  to say is
like that
people
that everything that has to do with d you
have to pass it to me as if for what for
what for me to comment on it I mean I don't
have to defend Dallas you
understand what happens that that clic was
funny because it was like saying
no that even if Dallas left the
internet they wouldn't stay the same no And
yes it is true that the numbers
of all the gossip channels went down the truth
because d
moves them the
quear and now there in January he said something like that it
wasn't a click he was saying something like
[ __ ] dala do something no D las carrera
clear I mean I don't see anything wrong with
people sending it to me I mean no I didn't
cut you off for that
because I don't understand what I would support that
people insulting me to my face but oh
well Cool it's not happening nose
Likewise everyone has their opinion
gibel criticizes the news Uncle
Sur Ah yes yes places yes s man I have it
open here places of course I'm
going to Hey but what is this about
now showing me
eh clips of I mean recommended all the
time of these  [ __ ] [ __ ]
channels By the way there's a Clip channel
about me I'm saying it well in fact I'm
going to put it I don't care let's see I
said it the other day eh I mean I don't throw
anything away Look we caught
Alis uploading a video House Tower
eh that I don't throw anything away and I don't
care if you upload Clim okay I don't care let's
see but Cli but I don't know what they do
to Gibel I'm already telling you that no
I mean that thing about them taking
8 minute excerpts of mine you don't
understand Now the other day
a guy was born who warned me luare no that he
was uploading clips okay And I told him luar no
no I'm not throwing it away they're clips from Mira
Well this one has gone a little bit too long with 6
minutes eh another one with
three but of course Look at the
thumbnails that you're
putting up I know that if I'm going to throw it away okay I mean I do
n't know if The kid is watching it
but if you are watching it change it now
because I'm going to throw it away it's just that I haven't
had time dude I've been
saying for days now I have to throw it away  and I haven't
had time dude so you can
see I'm going to start throwing out the
idiots from the Twitter accounts no
but man that you put this on me like a
stalker like a dog from
Dallas was a dog with a bone in his
mouth this one I wouldn't laugh if it weren't for you
putting a dog on me and putting a collar on me I
mean put me there with piss I don't care you
know This one from the stutterer at a
given moment either I mean I'm a
person who accepts okay This one from kaya
please jav ol attacks my mother are and
says oh don't you see no Ah I can't
show it to you through no And she says yeah
Well I have a sense of humor I don't care
this for example these things I don't care you
know but man
the level has been raising a little no with me
the days have been passing so I think that yes
yes I'm going to throw this at you dude I mean
for this I'm not going to leave you and my
content I say eh I say So let them
make me how will be a follower of gibel
because he has gibel there that
this doesn't matter to me let's see this  yes is this
that I took out an 8 minute clip for you to take it
out I'll take it out I mean I'm a
[ __ ] money-grubber if it's 40 what are you going to
take out day You give it to me you
understand
gibel chat made a comment on a
video he told me that I was tarred I don't care I don't care
Well but that's not the thing about them
coming out recommended to me now
all these C de gibel channels
which is what
[Music] let's
see a question the stutterer is
doing things in Japan or did he just stop by to
walk around because he had
taken the thing to do Stream and everything he's
doing they banned him from Japan Today I
went into uncle shur's Stream for a second
and I see him recording the news
live they don't even want to work anymore you already do it he does it
live he told me who
told me places say Yes yes why
wasn't it once that we reacted to
something and I said damn if he's different with
clothes he's with different clothes on the same
newscast and you explained it to me that
sometimes sometimes in the live shows he gets
sent a  news they notify him of a
news story and he records it in one go it's not a bad
idea What happens is that I have already given up on the
issue of the newscasts, I mean I
think that each one has their
own thing and the newscast is from uncle sh and
mine are other videos those of na are
other videos those of I think that each
one has their
content
because in the end people do not watch 28
newscasts chamb Well at least he recorded it
at least it wasn't done by an ia let's see at
least it wasn't done by an ia he did it
reluctantly yes he didn't feel like it he seemed a little
tired you being handsome very well Cat I don't know
Cat you sent me something and I haven't
seen it nor am I going to see it because it's
gone I've already accumulated
time I was tired I wanted to sleep
but I couldn't of course Andrés says your
newscasts are good but recorded by
you made with love and and it goes viral
But the thing is that I don't have time to
record the news dude I mean I tried that
idea of ​​recording with ia because I saw
that some I don't know if it's  does with with
AI no sometimes I don't think that even
chur has also made entire videos
narrated with AI and I say Well it doesn't matter
not in the end the information but
but what goes on, they didn't like it, they didn't like it So
I don't have two or three more hours for
each newscast because each newscast whether you
like it or not between reviewing the
news no at least to know what
you're going to tell no and you
record it it's 2 hours minimum an hour and a
half 2 hours are two newscasts not the
telesalseo one and and my thing is to comment
we comment on the gossip here live
the extracts and videos recorded
for the main one are uploaded and when I want to record
a video also quickly with my cell phone
for these channels too but the
newscasts I didn't have I liked them a
lot the truth I mean they were some of the ones
I liked the most on the internet I say this
with all respect to cel and shur but they haven't gone
viral it hasn't worked for me
and and I think that you have to, you have to
accept things when
some things work for you and others don't it's not a
problem earning the  bread at least he works
Today I uploaded channel to the main video
channel to the
main video The other day I was
reacting to his own newscast since I
hadn't
seen it channel to the
main video video to the Main Channel I uploaded
two to the secondary I left three uploaded for
tomorrow to the
secondary four videos to the secondary that
are in private that are going to be
uploaded God willing I uploaded a
tiktok a short and now I'm going to do
Stream here and then you know Where
what else
[Music]
I want there are a lot of content creators
who are wanting to do my B
you know but for me it's funny that it does
n't have anything stupid for is that the
videos with the most views on the
Secondary Channel precisely have a thumbnail
the video with the most views has a thumbnail Look, you
charged with the one hour one, do you want to
see how much I earned with that video, we watch it for
an hour and a half, see
what we're going to give the
income statistics, I put six ads on it for an
hour and a half No wonder I charged so little
with this video, it has half a million
views 300 bucks with half a million
views, my God, with half a million
views that's 2 or 3000  eur verga
let's go what I like and what I don't And to
close we have our
animeo but he already beat you in outer
dude shur What's up you
're not like before Dude, now
everyone beats you dude dude shte I have to
say you're no longer relevant gy You
only make I content what
happened to you in this chat there are cool guys a
friend is going to be a father can you believe a
friend is going to be a father a friend is going to be a
father and you know what he told me
once You're a son of a
[ __ ] and I feel like I'll never live the experience
and they put in 8 minutes and a quarters these
sons of [ __ ] who grab the cli
for those seconds that we've seen You know
I think they last longer fighting on
Twitter
that the video is worth it see more
leech it was just a joke the stke
will be too Well,
here we do have some gossip that
these people are going to see tomorrow
come on come on come on Let's
warn these people about this gossip
let's warn these people about this gossip
okay
attentive cell I'll send it to you I'll send it to you
cell
and Dallas challenges Selena Millá to debate I
never know if it's Millán or Milan I
always tell her sometimes I tell her
one and the other Selena Milan
controversial character has been working
lately also with telec and those
things okay It's not Serene okay Serena
Selena Selena okay she hasn't disappeared
eh the truth is that it's been a while since I
saw anything by Selena I couldn't say if I like her
or not because I think it
depends on the topic of course obviously
we have talked about some things about her
but right now I don't remember which one I don't
know if you can
remember me I've known her for a very very very many
years eh I mean I've known
who she is for a very very very many
years but right now I don't
remember I mean I think that she might have had a thing
with Davida I've
never heard that name in my [ __ ]
life that Yeah man I have videos on the
main page about Selena eh 100% aco eh
100% aco let's
see Selena Ah she imitated the badaboom thing she imitated the
badaboom thing  the thing about the unfaithful of badaboom
Selena Milan the new Bad Boom 4
years ago but look at the salseria too
Selena Milan canceled by ex
friends but I don't remember anymore I
don't know if I had an opinion about her, I don't know if it was good or
bad, I don't remember anymore, I don't remember it's been
a long
time since then Well, Dallas challenged her to a
debate, I don't know
why Hello, how are you I wanted to talk about a
topic, it seems to me that
something also happened between them in the past, eh Ah
but this August 31, 2023, which
is not from
now, for not showing this capture, I mean, she's
getting on the meme of dalasito for
her face, no I mean, it's not about her, the
thing is not about her, the thing Of course, I
thought it was a debate that d had
proposed to her, well, let's see, let's watch
the video because she has uploaded a
video, I mean, she's getting on the meme
How cool, eh, she's grabbing how is she, how is
January, eh How is January,
kid, we need a push Dalas, something
Dallas, something, I'm going to have to fight
with Dallas, eh  And so we raise January
February and the whole year eh Ah after
this ti is that Dallas has challenged her again
Ah okay Well let's watch the video
and let's see
mine Today I come to confess some things
and clarify some others I have to say that
this video excites me especially
because being in a controversy related
to Dallas It is really a
canonical event within any
influencer Okay but accept the
debate Accept it And we have things No
oh [ __ ] my pic no suddenly it's my pic
well friends I'm going to give you the context
of what's going on I uploaded a
tiktok that hit quite a bit And it had like 2
million views I'm going to put the
tiktok my goodness what is it to
mess with the Dallas man I mean that
nonsense that is the same thing that uploaded the
other day
eh my suitor skylar Okay my
suitor skylar the other day she
published again the [ __ ] shitty screenshot
that I don't even know if it's from her
or that she took it from somewhere else every
time she publishes it the nonsense of the
Dallas screenshot  telling him hey piece of
[ __ ] let's debate I don't know how much it's worth
every time she posts it has two or 3000
likes Well then la la la the chick the
other day she
posted it again she posted it and when she
saw that it had 40 likes she
deleted it what I'm talking about
[Music]
pathetic by the way guys I said it
okay I'm I'm
good now I'm saying it
basically it's a tiktok trend that
when they ask me what my biggest
fear is I say something super banal or something
super typical like being alone and not
finding a partner or I don't know what but
really My biggest fear is this and I don't
say it out of shame no and I said that my
biggest fear was a direct message from
Dallas it's this Imagine me when I saw
that message
really my we have to
clarify in case you
haven't noticed that it's super progressive
super ally okay all those things fear
was a direct message from
Dallas Hello How are you I wanted to talk about a
topic Dallas a year and a half ago no
sorry almost two yes a year and a half
from 23 eh Imagine me when I saw that
message really Me  I messed up I'm
scared to leave the house What did I do what did I
do when I saw the response I was
getting to tiktok well obviously I
also uploaded it to Instagram reels because you
know how to create content community
comments engagement Not those things
but it's just that suddenly let's say he
uploaded it to climb he's saying it to his
face okay I mean he hasn't cut himself off
either the truth is I got into d so that they would
follow me
more Hey man, what about Delos yesterday, what
was what about Delos yesterday, what a
kick and kick in the hoosic we gave
eh to the
creature I said that without any kind of
context and people have been left a
little lacking in information
no and it's that of course at what point did D
speak to you to talk about what if it's
supposed that she hasn't been involved in
anything well the girl I mean me like
Thursday Kari always in the middle always in
everything I find out about everything I know everything
everything they always involve me I
don't call gossip gossip comes to me
up to there everything is fine It was a simple
anecdote people also wondered why
what because this message is
quite old it is from August 31st
2023 I mean it's been a while and
people are wondering why
I haven't talked about this canonical event
No why I have left it hidden there
because at the moment you would have
content on entim I think
entim works the girl I mean I don't know she had something
with tele5 but I don't remember what it was
I remember seeing her on the set of
sálvame then I also remember that she got into a
fight with someone and that's why we
were also commenting but right now I
really can't remember eh it's been a
long time since I heard from Selena I would
swear she is friends with Will hater or that she has a
good relationship with him
also that Dallas when she saw this
Instagram real decided to comment to me because
I really I don't know if it's that within
the search to be immortal she has
discovered How to clone yourself
because she really finds out about
absolutely everything and I say or is there more than
one Dallas out there watching reels and the
things they talk about him Oh I don't know how he has
the time so let's see it's a video
of  2 million views he told me no, I
mean he said it's a video, it's not
like a random video that he
found, not a random tweet, not a
normal 2 million video that he sees it, you know, I find it
really funny, it's
like the bad accounts today we're going to
see bad accounts, no, a little, it's not
like the bad accounts, no, Oh,
Jai, you son of a [ __ ], if you have an
account dedicated to me and your account is about
me, it
's more or less normal that it appears in it
for me because I'm the
protagonist and it scared me It's the one you
have with the one
and it gives me a clown face, that
clown face seeing it next to your
profile picture, it looks a little similar,
no, really, I'm not going to lie that
this comment made me quite funny because
fear of what debate what debate I'm going to
answer Dallas's message with some
very simple and very clear words, a
manipulating post, you're smart
Aha this is art, eh, I mean, this is what
I used to call art of a
comment on a tiktok that has already
gotten 2 million views because it
said Hello  Good afternoon you know 2 million
visits from a Hello good afternoon from there she
answers Dallas with a
clown emoji and has made a video now let's get
serious this is called creating content we are
not going to talk seriously about everything
that is happening What is the context of
all this and why I never got to
answer that message well friends Let's
put ourselves in situation August 2023
summer I was still living in
Madrid and this is very important for what we
are going to talk about now I am
very sorry I know I know Selena was at the
party when Lali cheated on
Ricky Selena was
the images appeared Selena was in the
images I know that's where it goes
the images of Lali that I remember Damn I
put them in the videos no and
so on no and I don't know if some of them were
even sent to me by her friends Selena is there
and in the photos too with the guy who
cheats on her and so on to rekindle
this controversy because it has really been a
while and it is not relevant that I
am talking about this now but I
want to explain  really what's
all this stuff about with Dallas now
suddenly when she wasn't supposed to be
in the middle of any controversy Here we're going to
have to talk about two more characters
who are Ricky edit and his ex-girlfriend Lali we
're all how happy I am okay this is
very important mana I'm going to be
completely honest with you
because when this controversy came to
light many of you talked to me and
asked me about what had
happened and why I wasn't talking
when I'm the biggest gossip in the world.com
So I'm going to tell you my version
saving you
see she understand that she would be friends with
the boys I think that Selena would be
friends with the boys and coincided with Lali
but I understand that Selena would not be
friends with Lali but that Lali would arrive
there and that Selena was there because she
would be friends with the group of kids who are the ones
from Madrid I think eh I don't know
maybe I'm wrong and she's going to defend
alali positive because many times I'm worth
more for what I keep quiet than for what I say
okay the controversy that I'm going to talk about
basically is  that Lali, a person who I could have
considered my friend. Oh well, she was a
friend, she was in Madrid and it was on that
trip where I
supposedly cheated on
Ricky. All of this went like super viral
because Ricky caught some messages on her
phone. I had the number of one of
her friends and she gave me everything with evidence,
everything, everything at the level of audio files,
photos, videos of what happened. I wasn't
up to anything, from a doctor level of one out of
two to a
drunk friend of hers getting drugs from another
place and she said to him, you know, I
want this one because we had argued that
day because I had told her it doesn't make me a
[ __ ] that she sleeps at the house of some guys you don't
know, not because you're going to do anything
because I trusted her, I know that you
were faithful to me at that moment. Anyway, the
audio says what she herself says, I don't give a damn
Ricky, here I am having a
[ __ ] great time, that said by her voice worse than
bonfires. Eh, yes, no, I would have had
a fun bonfire, [ __ ] and nothing and
in the end. Well, according to the testimony of several
people from that place, she entered the apartment
saying, guys  take advantage of me because I'm
single
[Music]
yelling at them they're like arch enemies dasas
and Ricky No sorry forgiven you said it
directly pathetic I have to say
[Laughs]
one Sometimes the gossip that
happens eh sometimes the gossip is
wonderful eh
I'm not a fan of either of the two so
if I'm going to talk it may possibly benefit
both so that's why I kept quiet to clarify that
since what happened if I'm going to talk it
may possibly benefit
both benefit both In what way
what she can say benefits
both In what I mean if Lali has
cheated on Ricky that I mean about
Lali we already know everything and Dallas will
benefit it In what like it's not something that
leaves Ricky in a bad light about the behavior he
has with Lali to Dalas that he's interested in
something that I don't know what I don't know the
truth all this with Lali Madrid I haven't
spoken to her again in fact she
like at the time that this happened she
spoke to me but I was really very
upset about everything that had happened
because those who  they came out screwed they were
friends of mine so I just disappeared I
flew and made him fly Okay how did people
find out that I was
with Lali in Madrid those days and I was finding out
what was going on Well
basically because one day we went out
partying because literally the days that she
was there were maximum parties and
how random is the world of the internet I mean
suddenly Lali is friends with this one we appear
in videos and photos jun you see these
photos I put them in the
videos then I appear in the
Dallas video that she made at the time talking
about Ricky and Lali so there
when people saw me that I was in those photos
well they were a bit kaatii and
everyone has asked me they have filled me with
comments I mean people have
forgotten the subject I'm not sorry for
reviving it now but I have to
put my people in context and it really
was like one but the subject is not dead
the subject is super alive in fact the other
day we will talk about this we will
talk about this okay But the thing about
Ricky's fans is
really good Toc you say in a
post  in which Ah but I don't have it
's they came to me with a click of Ricky
Eddie changing one of the
versions again as if to say that he didn't
invent the rape that he simply
believed it but that at first his girlfriend didn't
tell him anything And then when he
blocks her and all that stuff That's because he
still didn't know anything about her and I saw some
problems and of course here This video that
he still has uploaded on his channel he says he
here He claims to be crying for years about the
reason with the debate with Dallas
after said debate there is not a single
mention of him watching it is a gem
guaranteed laughs of course No not so much that so much
that he gave with the [ __ ] debate not one more
mention of the debate not one more mention
of almost anything is worth Why Because Ricky
knows how he ended up in that debate Ricky knows
how he ended up in that debate And that is something
that he can't overcome because he has a
very
very fragile ego this kid has had to
go through a series of things and
issues man for you to have the ego
like that Don't laugh at
yourself because he really wants to
give it to him like a vasad I And such But he
really  it hurts when it looks bad
and when it's Beta you understand me or rather F
where he went ahead with
the rape of Ali Knowing that it
wasn't any rape but
in order not to assume some horns in
order not to say man that you have eaten
the horns of a potato with a
snake he tattooed you on the arm my son
that he was with Lucecita like that I told you
the chick that had cheated on you
okay but look here what he says and I
describe it as infidelity because what
I suffered was infidelity and Although I know
that this is going to be plagued with people
saying it was clear we told you
everyone knew it we told you on social
media blah blah blah blah you have to He
blocked me because I said in an exclusive
that I had spoken with Lali's friends and
that she had sent me conversations and
that Lali what Selena is saying that
Lali lied and I asked the friends to lie they
contacted me people from the
environment and that they had been at the party and a
lot of people and they told me that
Ali messages to friends saying Hey, you
have to lie to Ricky, I made the video And it
was when Ricky blocked me, he had me
blocked for a while now he doesn't have me
blocked but it was when Ricky
blocked me right away you could have
contacted me because you have access to me well
next time I'll talk to you gor
But look what it says here you see that
from the beginning I was also very
aware of what had
really happened, I from the beginning I
was also very aware of what had
happened I imagined practically without
any doubt what the
situation had been that had been without any
doubt I knew perfectly well what
the situation had been my partner saw at the
time at the place where
the events occurred and that if I have been keeping
quiet about this version which is my opinion
these words I have been keeping quiet about
this version And he is telling the story of the
rape and this testimony in general
has been nothing more than to protect the
physical and psychological integrity of the
person he is and he says that he
lied to protect the integrity of
Ali, come on, touch your
[ __ ] touch your [ __ ] knowing that it is the
guy that it is, I mean There you are It is
recognizing already in the fifth sixth
version okay There it is there he is
recognizing that he knew from the beginning
that it was not rape And
people still come to argue with me to this day
if he made up the rape or not you know
as if the topic here was Who's
idea was I don't give a [ __ ] whose
idea it was the two of them sit down
in a viral video and make it up you
like it better like this halfway Senda a kiss
you know They are still arguing with me that
no it was Ali and the other one come on but
dude really I mean there are still
people who are telling me that Ricky didn't make it
up that poor Ricky
believed it because he was in love there
are still people who come to argue that dude
like but dude you guys have seen some
[ __ ] [ __ ] I mean I have them all all
the clips all the compilation
all all all I have it what the [ __ ] is he
telling me if he is telling you himself
but if it is that apart from that no
man he doesn't believe that Who the [ __ ] is
going to believe that for God's sake nobody believes it
he didn't believe it
very strange things Because at first I
wanted  talk about what was
going on but I felt that the
information I had was going to make
all of them look bad, all of them, all of those who
were involved because if I'm going to
tell you something, I try to be as
consistent as possible with the things I think, no matter if
someone is my friend or not and it
was a very delicate subject because
because I obviously
considered Lali a friend but there are times when
my ideals make it so that I can't
defend her or it's not that I can't it's that I don't
want to so I learned that maybe
suddenly if I don't have anything good to say the
best thing is that my [ __ ] mouth falls and
since Dallas is not my friend Dallas was my
friend neither and Ricky edit much less I was not going
to talk because it was not going to benefit
anyone because really all the
people had done wrong also I have to
say in my favor and that is quite a
key not to understand why
I have not wanted to debate with bullets is
that the day of the events the day that
all this [ __ ] happened I was not
[ __ ] the day that it happened I It's true
that I was there the days before and the days
after I found out about the things that had
happened no  I'm going to deny it I don't
know anything I know everything but I don't know but the
day all this happened I wasn't there
then as I didn't see it with my
own eyes and as much as I make
videos of criticism and controversy I am not a
judge to condemn anyone I decided that it
was best to stay out of
this controversy because yes at the time I
know that it would have benefited me
obviously but I decided to opt for peace of
mind after I didn't speak out
defending Lali because this is something
that has really pissed me off and it's
something that I did want to talk about now it's
true that many of you
were insulting me sending messages like I
think it's super strong you're a
super bad friend you're a horrible person
you are I don't know what defend Ali talk about the
subject Talk talk talk first of all I'll say whatever comes to
mind I want to
say to you and second of all to all the
people who were literally insulting me
for not defending Ali I think
the best thing I've done was
keep quiet and this is basically the
answer to Dallas's Why Oh I'm
scared I'm m no [ __ ] I'm not scared
It's that I'm not going  a ha serer that you come out
benefited neither Ricky comes out benefited
nor Lali comes out benefited from
absolutely anything because I'm not going to
lie about what I've seen and
heard and know nor am I going to give
you the pleasure of it, I
have the feeling that
the video is going to end and it's not going to say [ __ ]
feeding this wheel of [ __ ] on the
internet besides the debate is not
about me cool you cool I mean I
can talk about myself I can talk about something
that I've done I can talk about something that
I've seen I can talk about the things
that I know but I'm not going to sit down and
debate something that first of all maybe we do
n't have such contradictory ideas and
second of all If the
day quality youtuber t not grandfather the
red heart girl how are you how are
you today I have not set a goal
or have I put anything on you eh Hey by the
way A thousand thanks to all of you for
eh Because we have already reached 4000
euros in the box
eh come on it's that I told myself that we were going
to reach 4000 euros in  the box and I didn't
believe it eh I mean when when
when we
put it I said Well let's see how far
we get 1 1000 and some But hey there are already
4000 in which everything happened I
wasn't present I feel that if I spoke it
was simply to stir up [ __ ] and
take advantage of the situation and I didn't
want that but now I did want to
talk about it here on my channel also to
take a little bit of the thorn out of all the
people who were telling me
absolutely everything for not talking about this
subject and also to explain to Dalas
what fear of what I think he simply
wanted to do a debate because he
thought that I was going to defend
Ali to the maximum and I was going to try eh
I think It was an interview What
happens is that Dallas often calls it a
debate but I think it was an
interview what he wanted to do to
see if he would tell him more information
damn if he was there you know how to get the
lie out of me somewhere or get more
information it wasn't like a
confrontation I think it was more like
an interview to make Ali look worse and
as a consequence What's up
paimon make Ricky look worse because they are
literally arch enemies and he's going to
look wherever it takes to make Dallas look bad
just like Ricky's going to look wherever it
takes to make Dallas look bad And
this is something we all know and I didn't
want to give that power to either of
them and in a way Uh I
also regret having been Even a little
empathetic with Lali because when
all this happened I didn't stop following her out of
empathy and you'll say Selena empathy for what
And she's saying all the right things Selena
empathy for what I also keep
wondering and I have absolutely
nothing more to explain This is the
context of why d las spoke to me at the
time And it's that Oh she's pissed off with
Lali eh with Lali she's going to be pissed off eh I mean she
knows that Lali's not going to answer her
Since I was closely watching this whole
situation I think she wanted to get more
information out of me and know more about what
had happened to possibly release a
video talking about all this and there's no
possible debate I mean we're not going to debate
because there isn't a debate I mean you're
going to try to bring up [ __ ] and that's it
but we have nothing to debate because
for there to be a  debate there have to be
eh two different points of view and to
begin with we don't even have that different point of view
and secondly what are we going to debate about that's why I
'm not willing for that to happen How
afraid I am, I only have one
thing and I have nothing else to add
because it really is something as easy and
basic as that there is no debate there is no
debate if at any time you want to
debate about anything else I am
completely available because I don't let's
see Selena could you come here
please could you come here the
impression I get is that she's crazy For
hitting Lali and Ricky on the
subject of Ricky not behaving well with Lali
and that led to Lali doing everything she
did and bang Pam bang and I think that's where
the shots are going there there's no doubt that she doesn't
like things about Dallas too but well I'm
sure she loves Selena come over
here and
tell us come over here and tell us I'm
not afraid of anything dog but I
mean this video is how I'm wanting to
talk but I need you to click on me more
as long as it's something that concerns me
So nothing I hope that  If you liked
the video a lot, you can subscribe. I
think it goes a little bit like that, it's not like, Okay, okay,
I'm crazy for talking, but you
have to poke me a little
to see if I get this thing that happened with
the money and with Gabo, Wherever
tomorrow today. I mean, you were
all sending it to me. No, look, look, today
you're going to eat and it's like I don't understand, I'm sorry about
football. Let's see, let's try to
get it. Gabo says when you hire
someone you don't have when you hire
someone you don't have to ask
the league's permission, you just present it or
send the data if the league doesn't inform
anything it exposes any team hiring
a person who had problems on another
team, okay, I
mean, this team is Alana's, no, this
team is Alana's, from the Queens and
then they decide to fire a soccer player,
not a teacher. Enrique Navarrete
because he has an attitude that makes
the girls uncomfortable. Okay, and it turns out that he had already
had it
before on other teams, but she, they
hired him without knowing it,
so eh, Gabo gets into Pinal and says,
there he says, they were asked and they didn't say anything about
it, he says
Alana you asked me in Italy or so
why this team then that
Gabo's is the men's team and hers
is the women's team or rather you know that
in the King there is the women's team and the
men's team that's how the
move goes is that why because it says there it
says they were asked and they didn't say anything about it
And then Alana says you
asked me in Italy to me and I spoke
with you directly and I told you exactly
Gabo they are from different it's I don't understand
why they have a problem between the two of them
you told me Exactly
what stuffed animal is from Wherever Alana's
is
Ranisa It's that then I don't understand
why Alana has to or rather I don't understand I mean because
Alana had
information I asked you if there was any
intrigue and you told me yes, things in the
locker room you never told me about harassment from the
coach harassment from the
coach and I wasn't alone when I
asked you you swear on your family you give me
your word that you told me that there was harassment I
mean the team is Gabo's and Alana
knew things about the previous team where
the man was no then I understand that
of  what Gabo is complaining about is
that Alana wasn't more clear when it
came to
telling him what a 35
year old man is doing on Twitter making me swear by
my entire family Good evening I'm just
getting back from the
airport I was very clear when I
told you the players
approached me to tell me they
were uncomfortable with the coach and in
women's issues I made the decision to
fire him right away Because these issues
with women are
delicate and if they approach me and
tell me they aren't comfortable right away I didn't even
think like that
this coach He was first on Alana's team I
told you just like I'm
telling it now just like I told
the other presidents this is a
locker room issue
Also they can confirm it if I
told everyone who asked me they wouldn't have
Why tell you if I told
everyone who asked me I wouldn't have to
tell you anything else to you It
seemed very strange to me to tell you that my
players had felt uncomfortable with him and that's why we
had changed
coaching staff and  that a week later they announced him
as Pellegrino's new coach, I
had no idea Because if maybe of
course, he's a coach who was
first on her team, she
fired him for an alleged case of
harassment. You should have asked me, I would have
said no. The moment I saw
the post, I think I was one of
the first because 6 minutes after they
posted it, I wrote to the league
to ask what's up with this, what
happened or why, what, what. But
anyway, uh, I don't know if Guadalupe says
where the link to the box is Javi, I'm
going to put it
Guadalupe, let's talk about the breakup between
Mbappé and Vin Jr.
uh Guadalupe asked me for the link to
the box, I haven't put it there because I think I've
put it in too many
videos, whoever wants to collaborate with the
box, well there you have it, look, I just
put it in the fixed chat Guadalupe in case
anyone wants to, uh,
fill it up a little more, the box is worth it,
very grateful that I am, but I haven't
put it there anymore because uh I think that whoever
wanted to give it, I haven't mentioned it yet, but
we were  in communication
also with the league on this topic
during the last split before
starting the second split when I
approached you to ask you about I
kept the names because I don't know
unlike how you asked me about
What was the gossip about Why had we
run to when I asked you I
told you that my intentions were to
hire him as coach of the frog
this so you could tell me a little
more about your experience and maybe
advise me in that sense and I could
listen What had happened that
seemed right to me since you
had some inconvenience or having come
out in a strange way from peluche Without
giving very specific explanations it
seemed right to inform us with you,
that we asked you and that we
let you know firsthand
before you find out, we are still coworkers, I mean
and I just want to
clarify that none of this was with any
bad intentions on the contrary the only thing I
want to do is to let you know that we had been
in communication with the
league when Werever asked me in
Italy, I did let him know that the
players had had discomfort
that they told us and that
things happened that definitely well  we were going to
allow in the team and that at
first to leave this was merely
that Well good evening and the truth is that I'm
very sorry but I don't feel
confident enough to tell you in detail and
in depth the things that happen in my
team like you do with me
In addition to you asking me on the day of
the final after two weeks of having been
together on the same trip I
tried to invite you many times to the cabin to
go to dinner with the group you
never wanted so the truth
is that I didn't feel confident enough to
tell you much more beyond what I
told you with what I think I was very
clear about What was the main idea of
why or so it's a little
eh statement from the player of my
team okay after having uploaded My
story where a
probably fake account of such saying
absurd things eh a
soccer teammate answered my story telling me
this she was so fed up with the subject of such
everyone blamed me for her departure
of Ranisa because I came out to defend my
teammates with her for her mistreatment
attitudes threats etcetera I want
clarify that he never harassed me Nor did I make
a plot against him However, I have
heard so many bad testimonies of
harassment from this man yes it was my fault for going
out and saying in interviews that we only
won thanks to us and not him I
am glad that I did not help
because now thank God the
plush players will not have to
go through that [ __ ] dude I mean who the
[ __ ] did they put no Who the [ __ ] did they
put in that in that team for God I mean
where do you look for the
people that Alana hire
please discomfort well let's
see this extract Vegeta
explodes falsely accused of being unfaithful
attention because this
capture is going viral that has to do with my
little Vegeta and that's you Oh [ __ ] [ __ ] I don't know
why Put filters on the images or eh I
don't see it
obviously I don't
see it Now I understand why you don't answer
my messages well he is not handsome Eh and
also I think I know him I saw him at a
party kissing a friend of yours
Well if you can say it I mean this is a
message it looks like a message that  they
send to
Vegeta's girlfriend of Vegeta's girlfriend of course what was
the name of
Vegeta's girlfriend have we ever commented on some
little thing about her this capture is going viral what does it have to do
with you I phallus is he
is your boyfriend Ha Now I understand why you
don't answer my messages it's a meme it's
a meme Javi Jajaja And what the
[ __ ] do I know what a meme is
What's the
joke is a meme Silvia that Silvia I
mean but it's not a meme Javi Haha you have to
know and what the [ __ ] am I going to know
this is a meme I [ __ ] myself not even if it
were clear it's not Eh and also I think I
know him I saw him at a party
kissing a friend of yours Well yes you
can say friend so you
don't have the most faithful boyfriend when you break up look for me I
will know how to take care of you and it's not just one there are
several accounts that have published
this with great
success damn you you you that this has
millions eh it's that I don't see it clearly
with the filter But this has 40
thousand likes  eh
and you're like what the [ __ ]
seeing this initially I can
viralize anything eh It depends on what it is
eh Nothing this is Vegeta's girlfriends
that you published it in a
joking way like Look Look at the nonsense they
tell me no the God Vegeta being
unfaithful with the little speech he gave us
come on don't [ __ ] with me I put this
like this no I don't know really wizard I mean you
find this funny Why do you
want Why why do you find it
funny that you put this on the screen
wizard that you are talking to me talking to me
talking this does not belong to the best
moments of
Spin this is what you
dedicate yourselves to this is what you dedicate yourselves to
this is all the free time that you
have a person who is unfaithful
really is not a person who has not
thought things through Imagine you
have a partner and you have someone who
gives you kisses because they love you very much who
takes care of you because they love you who is with you
without any kind of interest eh you
want to start a family with that
person you want to do a thousand things
instead you change everything for a person
who maybe only loves you  for that
night that you don't matter to them that
are simply two kisses or are something that doesn't make
any sense then you really
start to stop what you lose to what you
take and it's absurd you are losing
the most beautiful thing in life for a few
minutes of pleasure as they say because they are
not going to stop being a few minutes you know
Whether it's better a machine say it's that
I am 200
hours understood understood a
whole night that you are with that girl or that
boy But you are with that person and then you
lose it what have you lost say yes you have
won a night of passion let's say and you have
lost maybe a person who
loves you without asking for anything in return you know I
mean it can be a scale what you
lose despite what you gain and and it's
absurd for example of being unfaithful I
think that the moment that someone is
unfaithful it is because there are also other
problems apart that we cannot calculate
in the relationship okay I mean there will be
problems there are people who need I don't
know fulfill fantasies also that I don't know there are
many the reasons can be so diverse
that int against one in
particular is that there is no there is no specific reason
at this moment I perfectly  I
could be unfaithful What's up What's up my
kids My kids good here having
a drink here in a p with
my friends drink Okay
there
Sky just donated at the register a kiss if you
're here Thanks love Well we've already
passed 4000 we've already broken the
4000 barrier
And where's the
p Where's the pa Where's the p And
where is where are my friends where are they that I do
n't see them where are they that I don't
see them that was the last time I saw my
friends eh since then I no longer have
friends have encounters that many times
we see a relationship from outside and we say
Well the guy has been unfaithful we don't know
what his relationship is like and why he has been
unfaithful okay to say maybe he has his
reasons but most of the
situations in which infidelity is
usually because well it's a heat whether it
's from the boy of the girl and that's it
but no don't you think about everything you
lose in your case if someone loses
you they would lose the whole world vegetita
but it's that then by investigating
minimally you realize  that is a
copy and paste is a copy paste Yeah sure
but people no no no are going to look at
this I mean how the hell are you going to search for this I
mean how do you search for this March 2024 March
2024 Sure but how how are you going to
search for those things You know I mean you
come across a viral tweet on an
account Ah now with the verified one
that is bought no and suddenly it has
4000 likes Well you eat it with a
potato it goes inside Rodolfo Márquez
went from being a millionaire Junior who
spit on people to my goodness this has become very very very
complicated the
life eh it has become very very very complicated
the life for being as it is duplicate
for your help So if you can
send me with A poblano to pick up my
phone we are going to set social networks on fire
the case of fofo is simple
after training ma got rid of his stress
advised by his girlfriend with a lady
over 50 years old This is the lady also
not the words of I don't know if it is that one
exactly But it looks like fofo according to
a  interview in prison that day they had
scammed his girlfriend when buying a
camera
eh I should have made a video of this
on the main channel right this topic I
was dealing with on the
main channel and also I think it worked
very well for me I don't know why we haven't done it
the other day there was
like the other day there was like some
uncertainty between whether the sentence would come out or not it
worked very well and in the
end well, well I didn't do it man But look the
fact in fact right now here there are
people waiting for the sentence No it hasn't
come out yet it hasn't
come out yet I mean people are
at the door of the courts
waiting How
strange How things work there and that's why he
was in a bad mood just like he
tried to do it with all those who
claimed his
shares at that moment So yes We
will release videos place seconds
later he fled
luckily it was recorded eh Because you
see you on the street you can't always
be
[Music]
recorded they all caught him the
[ __ ] flabby he thought that just like when he
was accused Dear wife It's that also
this guy has to be big eh you are
when he closed a bridge and made a
guard lose  one of his eyes
his family's money would help him
however it hasn't been like that the hearings have
passed one after another but what Fofo is
looking for is freedom in one of them
he rejected an abbreviated process in
order to have a hope of being free on
Thursday the 16th he won't get out of there
eh He won't get out of there eh I think that
several antecedents will be adding up and I
think that is what will be making it so that there is
no way eh January
the fourth hearing would be held in this case
Only that both lawyers and
Rodolfo's relatives curiously
forgot to mark the date on the
calendar the hearing started and
his lawyers did not arrive his three
private lawyers neither did the
relatives of Fofo Márquez the absence
of the defense I think that I think that
just like everyone else this is not the woman This
is the woman the relatives Of course if
they are relatives and they are famous they are
important well they have not wanted to go
because they do not feel proud
bewildered will it be a strategy well
no no I don't think so I mean because it is their
relief of evidence on the contrary it is to be
able to support him and the hearing was postponed
until Monday January 20th a  day before
this date Mr fofo Márquez's account
was used by his brother
to share a video with us let's set
social networks on fire Within this
justice is demanded but not to edit the
lady who received it is the woman What
happens is that I don't know why she recorded
that but for her brother well
surely everyone remembers this case
Well I am Rodrigo Márquez the brother
of Rodolfo Márquez I am making this
video because I want to say several things
about what has been happening with
this particular issue because
unfortunately I have to make this
video and believe me it is not at all comfortable to do
this but well too bad because
unfortunately they do not want to do
justice in their first But why not
stick a little point mentions that he did not
want to be said video but he did it
because nobody wants to do justice they do not
want to do Justice with the error that
the only thing that has been sought from the
beginning is justice and precisely we
because we agree that he had to be taught
a lesson and had to
face the situation that is why
my brother at no time fled
the country he had perfect time to
leave my girlfriend is very pretty who is very
pretty my girlfriend  yes yes very nice and you're
not
with me she's very pretty my girlfriend yes yes she
's very intelligent and you're not very
intelligent and you
never did it both we and he
said no let's see daddy you stay and you
take responsibility for your actions And he always
agreed with that this mentions
that Rodolfo wanted to take responsibility from the first minute which is
why he didn't flee the
country and he always agreed with
that however we know that the reason why
this nu me is because he believed that
like other times in very serious cases
also the money freed him from problems that's why
also
his I can't believe what they just sent me dude they can't
finish it I can't believe what they just
sent me
dude well we'll probably see a video of this
on the main channel okay if it's
been postponed okay it's been delayed until the
24th like he's telling me places we'll
surely talk about it dude they
just sent me
this what the [ __ ] what the
[ __ ] dude how are
you doing what do you think when you start
doing this
dude What what do you think I mean the
first thing is  that
grandpa lied again I brought
his pill it's going to come out he's
older than he is distracted he forgot to take it
and he's under control the stamp keeps crying
since last year for a crappy video
where he felt inspired what talent I
use my music without thinking to earn
money but I went to knock him down I gave him
a week out of pure mercy
[Music] very
good Hahaha olé Haha good
Tania very well your husband your
husband my goodness there is always something for everything
eh what are you
sending me it's Africa just the savannah but
how the sheets from Africa yes the savannah
is also a blanket they are both things
How are the sheets two things I
the sheets that I have are from he is
explaining to me he is explaining to me about the
savannah Well I am that sheet the
sheets of the bed and he is explaining to me
eh He is explaining to me that the sheet
can be from Africa and it can
also be the thing of the bed it is Africa Only
that the savannah But how the savannah of
Africa yes the savannah is also a blanket they are
both things How are the  sheets
are two things, the sheet that I have is
velvet on the bed, it's
true, dad, what you said. How come what you said is
heavy. Look at more animals,
parci, than the desert, that, that, what, that, what
really d live the animals past
that, what a strange thing are you
making up or what, I don't know, Fran
told me that he has a Savannah, I don't care,
he's also there's the desert, the
savannah, the jungle. How come the desert, the
savannah, the jungle, that, what, that, what, what.
Really d live the animals past
that, what strange things are you
making up, we have to edit this video, not
inventing you, pig. Hey, but you
told me, you told me that the dinosaurs
have to be edited for the main channel.
This video or
not, there's no escape there, dad. Cano,
wig
and wig, and Wilson have already killed you,
seriously,
seriously, we have to edit it. not
la lado
queos estrop yes, lie, I'm going,
dad, yes, lie, I'm
going,
liar, dad, that
towards dad, what do you leave the car there, I don't want to
see that place, my life, and
I, that's very funny  you don't understand there okay okay okay You're really hot,
calm down eh Calm down, calm down, you
calm down eh buddy buddy you look there's
a cam Ah you know what it is and how
funny dude I mean yeah yeah yeah I
could put it man I'd freak out eh if you
saw him with the camera freaked out there but
this video I can edit this
video eh I can edit this video eh I
can send it to be
edited Javi back off Leo is more
wood than you you're telling me that I should
leave YouTube and that
you're staying that no no he's leaving and dad is going to stay
with me to play because I don't know how to play
that
game
he's playing right now he
's saying that I should leave YouTube
and that you stay with
YouTube look La And why are you doing
that daddy Look you little brat you that I'm
how do I get up here little brat your
uncle little brat your uncle how do I get up little brat
from here Ah look now or come on come on where are we
going and
people are parking are going to save us Well, those
people calm down for a while  he's getting
excited you calm down for a bit and
you talk normally for real Look, he's
scared now and he's getting angry he's
making memes I'm going to go over there he's
making memes guys memes are being made let's see what this one will understand
by meme you
know no no but we have to edit it But
what title could we give to a video
in the main if we put something like
eh wizard Think about it wizard maybe
think about the title we would have to put
for a Gameplay dude whatever the [ __ ] do we
put on this we would have to put a
title something like
eh the debate where javio lea comes out more
humiliated or debate or debate in
Fran
cua's sanctuary debate in Fran cua's sanctuary
ends horribly for God's sake for God's sake
I'm going to die I'm going to kill no but it's that
I'm not going to I'm going to kill myself
wait It's that I'm not
going to get there dude guys come on it's
no good anymore I'm really going to kill myself I'm
going to kill myself I'm going to kill you want a
career I'm going to kill d I
have to go I'm not going to get there
life if it falls on you I'll hit you  let's see if you fall I'll
hit myself
eho And why are you laughing because oh
my I can't get out of here this
nonsense give it something no give it something
but surely there is something to get out
Ah look yes I can get out I can't Yes
true yes
true we edit it we don't edit it but
how would we put it clear we edit it
and so we also move the FR game
But how would we put it as a
title of
[Music]
title playing with my biggest hater in the
sanctuary of francua I don't see it very
forceful I'm going to talk to eclipse to
see if he wants to edit it because I don't know if he
likes to edit this type of video it
has to be a clickbait of the
good eh
Ah look this
eclipse well you
can get your hands on it now eclipse
whenever you want now I'm going to record
a video for the main channel okay I'm
going to record tonight's but
while I record it and no you know that
now I have to review the script And that
but if you want to take it now get your hands on it
now what what yes I don't know what what title
dude  send me
something by email, I mean I would put like look
like for example something like this
dude there was one This look dude almost a
million views eh he chocas explodes And he
responds to Javi oliveira dude Why the
[ __ ] does that have a million views dude
Why the [ __ ] does it have a million
views Why the [ __ ] does that have a million
views but something like that where I'm
fighting with Fran it has to be clear
something in which I'm fighting with
Fran something like that like
a frame of Fran super angry a
frame of me super
angry and something like fights in the
sanctuary and in parentheses my
relationship with Fran ends that one I think I'm
going to write it
down and the thumbnail like that yes
my relationship with Franco ends this one in
the
jungle with Franco this one in the
jungle is going to be cool is going to be cool
okay well you take that eclipse and
you edit it your way okay
and Do something cool it's a special video
do the cool thing it's a
special video put nice things in it
eh nice effects I'll leave it in your hands
okay you're there I'll leave it in your hands  Do it
Do nice things okay And I'm going to
go I'm going to I'm going to start reading the
script for tomorrow's video of the
main guy the thing about the thing about the so has
been a
song this girl is weird eh this girl is
weird eh
tomorrow we'll see each other tomorrow What is
tomorrow is Thursday tomorrow I have Corrillo
at the telesalseo
tomorrow I have Corrillo at the
pececillos no Yes I think it's going to be
a lot of fun eh I mean I'll do more live streams
with him playing that eh I'll do more
live streams with him playing that because the
truth is that he had a great time the
truth is that he had a good time and he
's very handsome and we haven't
finished it So yes we will do more I will do
more live streams with
him of that Okay
guys I send you a kiss okay
rest handsome you have the video on the
main channel you have the video on the
main channel stop by there okay give him a little
push a kiss I love you so much See you
tomorrow
dogs and